Docs: Fix document possible value missed of 45 resources (#19270)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/synapse_spark_pool.html.markdown

* `synapse_workspace_id` - (Required) The ID of the Synapse Workspace where the Synapse Spark Pool should exist. Changing this forces a new Synapse Spark Pool to be created.

> * `node_size_family` - (Required) The kind of nodes that the Spark Pool provides. Possible value is `MemoryOptimized` and `None`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `node_size_family` - (Required) The kind of nodes that the Spark Pool provides. Possible values are `MemoryOptimized` and `None`.
```

> * `node_size` - (Required) The level of node in the Spark Pool. Possible value is `Small`, `Medium`, `Large`, `None`, `XLarge`, `XXLarge` and `XXXLarge`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `node_size` - (Required) The level of node in the Spark Pool. Possible values are `Small`, `Medium`, `Large`, `None`, `XLarge`, `XXLarge` and `XXXLarge`.
```
